foreign
so this this is one way
let's see stability
of the Mind
so after X exhalation
retained
red
by placing it from first on the list
options and dedicating so many soldiers
to impotence less clearly prioritized
and is for us in the form of meditation
so that's patanjalis
potential things that's most
important
meditation to meditate
God
and then
so that's one forward it gives different
now he gives different forms of
meditation
on this medical card one is two
cultivate
friendliness compassionate Etc
knowing that instances that's one way to
stabilize the Mind analysis says that by
exhaling and then retaining holding them
lengthening the retention
one can actually control the mind
because mind and breathing they are
connected
so breathing affects the Mind mind
affected if breathing is irregular the
mind is unstable
if your breathing is
if one does pretend soon then if that's
also quiet in mind everyone can
experience this if you hold your breath
for a while you can notice that actually
it helps to focus the mind also